435: .call-for-abstracts-section {
439: .call-for-abstracts-section .section-heading h2,
440: .call-for-abstracts-section .section-heading hr,
441: .call-for-abstracts-section .call-abstracts-text strong,
442: .call-for-abstracts-section .call-abstracts-item strong {
446: .call-for-abstracts-section .section-heading h2 {
450: .call-for-abstracts-section .section-heading hr {
454: .call-abstracts-shell {
460: .call-abstracts-text {
467: .call-abstracts-grid {
475: .call-abstracts-item {
484: .call-for-abstracts-section .btn-primary {
502: .call-for-abstracts-section .btn-primary:hover {
1591: .editorial-board-contact {
1607: .editorial-board-contact svg {
1644: .editorial-board-contact {
2509: <a href="./icfgl-2026-call-for-abstracts.html" class="btn-primary">Kêu gọi tóm tắt</a>
2522: <li><a href="#abstracts">Kêu gọi tóm tắt</a></li>
2673: <section id="abstracts" class="page-section call-for-abstracts-section">
2679: <div class="call-abstracts-shell">
2680: <p class="call-abstracts-text">
2686: <div class="call-abstracts-grid">
2687: <div class="call-abstracts-item">
2691: <div class="call-abstracts-item">
2695: <a href="icfgl-2026-call-for-abstracts.html" class="btn-primary">
2844: This seminar aims to equip participants with the skills and strategic knowledge required to structure, write, and successfully submit papers to top-tier international journals.
2961: /* Scrollable Abstracts Container */
2962: .abstracts-scroll-container {
2970: .abstracts-scroll-container::-webkit-scrollbar {
3033: /* Custom Details (For individual abstracts) */
3611: <button class="conf-tab-btn" onclick="openConfTab(event, 'abstracts')"><i class="fa-regular fa-file-lines"></i> Kỷ yếu Tóm tắt</button>
3626: <!-- 2. Abstracts -->
3627: <div id="abstracts" class="conf-tab-pane" style="display: none;">
3634: Browse accepted paper abstracts categorized across <strong style="color: #F64183;">11 thematic sessions</strong> for the 2026 conference.
3642: <div class="abstracts-scroll-container" style="display: none;">
3865: <p class="custom-details-content">Across many jurisdictions, digital governance and AI-assisted dispute resolution are increasingly promoted as tools for improving access to justice in domestic violence cases. Yet feminist and socio-legal scholarship questions whether platformized justice systems genuinely enhance protection for survivors or instead reshape which forms of gendered violence become legally visible, evidentially legible, and institutionally actionable. This study explores the adjudication and characteristics of domestic violence divorce cases in China within the context of "smart courts" and digital judicial governance. Based on 328 divorce judgments from the China Online Judgments Database (2023), the study combines feminist socio-legal analysis and empirical methods to assess evidentiary practices, judicial recognition of domestic violence, and case outcomes. The results show that domestic violence is rarely formally recognized (3.89%), with most judgments either ignoring or dismissing the allegations. Victims often face severe evidentiary limitations; only 22.96% of victims submitted supporting evidence, primarily informal materials such as photos and chat logs, rather than formal documents. Even when domestic violence is recognized, it does not always lead to divorce, compensation, or strong protections. Instead, case outcomes are largely influenced by repeated litigation, procedural screening, and compromise-oriented child custody arrangements. According to the findings, the trend of digital judicial governance does not appear to have significantly impacted the traditional logic of family law adjudication. Instead, it may have reinforced existing stability-oriented practices, making the handling of domestic violence cases more procedurally efficient, but not substantively protective. The paper argues that digital governance may enhance institutional responsiveness, but such improvement is selective rather than uniform. Platformization can facilitate earlier reporting, faster referral, inter-agency coordination, and the accumulation of standardized evidence, thereby increasing the procedural visibility of certain cases within judicial systems. However, it may also accelerate diversion into mediation-oriented pathways, where domestic violence is reframed as family conflict rather than structural abuse, potentially narrowing access to formal remedies. More fundamentally, digital systems tend to privilege harms that are easily recorded and categorized—such as physical injuries, repeated police contact, or traceable digital communication—while marginalizing coercive control, psychological abuse, and economic domination, which are difficult to translate into standardized evidentiary forms. In this sense, digitalized governance expands procedural access without resolving deeper evidentiary and interpretive constraints in domestic violence adjudication. Overall, the value of digital governance in domestic violence adjudication should not be assessed solely through efficiency or coordination metrics. Instead, it must be evaluated in terms of how technological infrastructures reshape the legal intelligibility and epistemic visibility of gendered harm. While digital systems may expand procedural access, they risk reproducing structural blind spots in recognizing non-physical and coercive forms of domestic violence.</p>
4100: <p class="custom-details-content">‘Family’ is the basic structure of every human society and civilization. A ‘welfare state’ policies must be designed to include every sexual orientation irrespective of “gender” in the Society. Feminists and queer legal critics have contested the state’s monopoly in exclusive definition of the term “Family Unit”, which structurally “underrepresented” LGBTQ+ people and kinship networks. In emerging economies, India and Vietnam present unique socio-legal dilemmas. Vietnam’s 2014 Law on Marriage and Family lifted administrative bar and retribution on same-sex marriages, but it withheld all legal rights. India in Navtej Singh Johar (2018) verdict decriminalized homosexuality on one hand, yet the supreme court in Supriyo v. Union of India (2023), expressly postponed the legalization of same-sex marriage, leaving the room open for law-making to the parliament. As a result, LGBTQ+ couples live in a legal abeyance where they live as citizens, but denied joint property rights, inheritance, tax benefits and decision-making as a “Family”. This paper compares Vietnam’s Law on Marriage and Family (2014) and India’s Special Marriage Act, (1954). Through an intersectional feminist viewpoint, it looks at how both countries use “traditional Asian family values” to gatekeep economic advantages. Not the “male” or “female” diaspora but working-class LGBTQ+ people are disproportionately harmed by this status-quo because they lack the private capital to use private, commercial contracts to bypass restrictive state systems. This study avoids abstract marriage standards by eschewing legal deadlocks that rigidly link LGBTQ+ rights to the traditional institution of marriage. The society needs a concrete legislative blueprint: a "Civil Solidarity and Chosen Kinship Act, where legal emphasis has to be shifted from passionate conjugality to material interdependency by this functional model statute. It has legal provisions that enable any two individuals co-existing together to register a kinship unit, immediately obtaining tenancy protections, default intestate inheritance and emergency medical proxy. This study offers progressive legislative outlook in transitional Asian countries with a scalable framework to secure rights of marginalized sections of the society.</p>
4116: <p class="custom-details-content">Under current Chinese law, the only legally recognised intimate relationship is heterosexual marriage registered under the Civil Code of PRC. However, some homosexual couples conduct special imitation aiming to obtain the right and obligation regime as similar to that of heterosexual couples as possible. The recent legal interpretation of cohabitation property permits cohabitants to arrange their property by agreement, which does not explicitly exclude homosexual couples. In practice, some notary offices notarise homosexual cohabitation property agreements, and a very small number of courts have also held that cohabitation can be interpreted as including same-sex relationships. Through signing a series of agreements, cohabitants can secure rights of inheritance from their cohabitants and other protections. Against this background, this paper asks whether the emerging contractualisation practices in China constitute queer inclusion, or instead reproduce heteronormative governance through conditional accommodation. Methodologically, it combines doctrinal analysis of Chinese private law and interpretations with a close reading of cases and notarial practices. It adopts a queer-feminist critique perspective and argues that these contractual arrangements erase queer specificity by implicitly framing queer intimacy as a matter of contractual autonomy and further reinforcing heterosexual marriage as the normative benchmark. Consequently, this paper holds that such imitation does not queer Chinese private law but domesticates homosexual relationships within existing patriarchal and heteronormative structures. Moving beyond critique, this paper adopts a prefigurative feminist law-making approach to explore transformative possibilities. It is based on the well-documented significance of “chosen families” and diverse kinship networks in queer communities, and recognises that not all individuals seek the same marriage-like legal recognition. Hence, the paper emphasises the need to provide legal choices rather than a single heteronormative template. On the basis of existing practices, the paper presents a DIY law-making experiment that imagines alternative “care agreements” and relevant supportive legislations that transcend heterosexual marriage. It also further explores the potential of gradually reshaping Chinese private law norms in ways that better value lived realities and social justice norms. This paper contributes to feminist law-making discourse by bringing the underexplored Chinese jurisdiction into global conversation. It demonstrates how heteronormative assumptions operate not only through exclusion but through conditional inclusion, and then illustrates pathways for proactive, prefigurative engagement. Ultimately, the paper advocates a shift from heterosexual marriage toward inclusive legal norms that can properly accommodate the diverse intimate relationships in contemporary China.</p>
4383: <p class="custom-details-content">What would feminist law-making look like if it began not with the formally equal citizen, but with women whose lives are most profoundly shaped by the coercive power of the state?This paper argues that incarcerated women constitute one of the most neglected yet theoretically generative constituencies for feminist legal reform. Located at the intersection of gender, caste, class, ethnicity, sexuality, disability & caregiving responsibilities, they reveal how law simultaneously produces vulnerability and forecloses participation in the very processes that claim to protect women’s rights. Their experiences challenge dominant models of feminist law-making that remain concentrated on family relations, labour rights & violence against women while leaving penal institutions largely outside the field of feminist legal imagination. The paper develops an intersectional & comparative framework through the cases of India and Vietnam, two jurisdictions whose distinct legal traditions nonetheless illuminate common tensions between social protection & state control. In India, lives of women in custody expose the layered effects of caste exclusion, poverty, undertrial detention & the criminalization of survival. Recent debates surrounding the implementation of the Model Prison Manual, 2016, judicial interventions concerning pregnant inmates and children residing in prisons & calls for gender-responsive correctional policy demonstrate growing recognition of these issues. Yet Dalit, Adivasi, Muslim, transgender & economically marginalized women continue to experience law as a site of both regulation and abandonment. Vietnam offers a complementary perspective shaped by socialist legality & developmental approaches to rehabilitation. Reforms under the 2019 Law on Execution of Criminal Judgments emphasize education, family contact & reintegration, but women from ethnic minority & migrant communities remain vulnerable to linguistic exclusion, limited legal literacy & social stigma. Read together, the two contexts reveal that inclusion depends not only on formal rights, but on whether legal institutions incorporate situated knowledge & everyday experiences into their design. Methodologically, the paper combines comparative socio-legal analysis, feminist jurisprudence & prison studies. It advances the concept of carceral intersectionality to show how prisons condense broader structures of inequality & offers a critical vantage point for rethinking feminist law-making itself. Rather than treating incarcerated women as objects of protection or punishment, this paper positions them as architects of legal change. Centering their voices expands the meaning of feminist law-making from protective legislation to a transformative practice. By placing India & Vietnam in dialogue, the paper demonstrates how the experiences of women behind bars can illuminate more inclusive & globally relevant pathways for feminist legal reform.</p>
4595: var scrollContainer = container.querySelector('.abstracts-scroll-container');
